who is in Rafa Tark uh let's talk about
the aid and uh Israel announcing that it
will open the arz Crossing in Northern
Gaza to allow Aid in what are the
reactions there to this decision and how
much difference is this going to make
for people in Northern Gaza who are
experiencing famine at the
[Music]
moment yes fully in fact uh after the uh
meeting that has uh been held between
the members of the Israeli War cabin
they have totally agreed that they will
again reopen areas acrossing in order to
allow for further flow of a humanitarian
convoys to reach to the desperate part
of the Gaza Strip in the northern sector
of the territory and that step is
understood among Palestinians here to be
as a result of the American direct
pressure and the increasing level of a
criticism Israel has been subjected to
after its multiple repeated attacks on
uh eight Seekers alongside with the
humanitarian organ ganizations that are
working to facilitate the process of a
delivery to the Gaza Strip the latest
one has been conducted in the wal
Central Kitchen which has completely
sparked a international outrage that's
why the Israeli military had been
accepting the American demands in order
to uh open AAS of crossing and allow for
further flow of humanitarian convoys
specifically after the American
President Joe Biden has been calling the
Israeli leadership to increase the
capacity of the humanitarian suppli to
the Gaza Strip but yet Palestinians are
wondering about the number of
humanitarian convoys that would be
allowed to get into the northern part of
Gaza but if there's going to be real and
practical mechanisms to uh increase the
capacity of these AIDS Palestinians see
that it's a very good step that will
help to partially alleviate the
aggravating humanitarian crisis there in
fact but even with this glimmer of hope
that some Aid will finally get to
Northern Gaza the attacks the air
strikes across the strip continue uh T
tell us about what's been happening in
the last few
hours yes uh in fact fully within the
past few hours the Israeli military had
been focusing on using its artillery
units that had been stationed the
outskirts of the Gaza Strip bounding the
Eastern areas of rafah that are adjacent
to borders with Israel they have been
attacking these areas massively in the
past few hours alongside also that
artill unit had been hitting the
southern part of the city of kanun and
with over night they have been carrying
out more attacks on Baha town and also
in jabalia refugee camp that had been
widely hit uh as a number of casualties
have been reported there but yet we have
been hearing here in Rafa City a more
active military movement for the Israeli
surveillance to drones as it usually do
not leave the sky of Rafa District on
hourly bases thank you very much for the
update that's Al jazer is tar kazum
reporting their life from Rafa in
southern Gaza